Make XRTMap have default units of DN (#7744)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7744.bugfix.rst

> Fixed a bug where `~sunpy.map.sources.XRTMap` was still defaulting to `~astropy.units.ct` rather than
> `~astropy.units.DN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where `~sunpy.map.sources.XRTMap` was still defaulting to counts rather than DN.
```
<unknown>:9: WARNING: py:obj reference target not found: astropy.units.ct
<unknown>:9: WARNING: py:obj reference target not found: astropy.units.DN

Author: I knew that was going to happen.
